Then Mrs. Sun, how about I get you some fruit?
Mrs. Sun, we have no right to ask what you want to eat.
But this is the Jiang family.
When Mrs. Sun married into the Jiang family, she should abide by the Jiang family's rules.
Look what you said.
It seems that Butler Feng slapped him two days ago
You can't feel the pain at all, right?
Just now when we were cooking in the kitchen
Found a silver spoon missing.
I wonder if Mrs. Sun saw it.
Hey, it’s really gone.
You don't mean to accuse me wrongly.
That would be strange.
Except for the three of us in the kitchen
Only you have been here
That thing is gone
There has to be an explanation
What tricks do you want to play again?
To show innocence
We'd better do a body search.
Someone's hands and feet are unclean
I don’t have it anymore
What about you?
Neither do we
What should I do?
Who thinks you are such a loser?
Mrs. Young
We are also doing it for your innocence.
It doesn't matter
My innocence is not as important as eating
If you don't translate it
Don't blame us for taking action.
I didn’t expect our young lady Sun to be a thief.